(Ludaas panting)
Now, there's no need to
push yourself, Ludaas.
I'm sure it must be difficult
to pick yourself
up with that wound.
Therefore, I will permit you
to remain prostrated
in my presence.
[Ludaas] Your majesty
is too kind...
However, if you're just
going to lie there,
I suppose you don't
need your legs.
Surely you jest, sire!
The idea that I would,
speak to your majesty
while lying down!
I, Ludaas Friegen,
would rather die
than be guilty of showing my
sovereign such disrespect!
(tense music)
[Yhwach] I see.
Very well then, you may
proceed with your report.
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
He's been gone for a long time.
Who are you talking about?
[Ryunosuke] What do you mean,
"who are you talking about?"
I'm talking about Ichigo!
Shouldn't we be trying
to find him and help him?
There's no need.
The enemy's Spiritual
Pressure is long gone
Besides, I can't imagine
Ichigo needing any help
against an opponent like that.
We'd just be wasting our
time going after him.
Are you sure?
'Cause I'm not.
(Orihime chuckles)
What's so amusing?
Oh, nothing.
It's just that you pretend
you don't care about Ichigo,
but I know that you and he
have become such good friends.
I, I have no idea what
you're talking about!
Are you teasing me, or what?
[Ichigo] I'm back.
[Orihime] (chuckles)
Welcome back, Ichigo!
You didn't get hurt, did you?
Nah, I'm all good, no worries.
-(phone ringing)
-Huh?
Oh, uh!
Sorry, that's my Soul Phone.
Hello? This is Yuki-
What is it?
[Ryunosuke] It's, um,
they're saying it's a
message for all squads.
The following is a brief summary
of the current situation.
I'm only going to say this
once, so listen carefully.
57 minutes ago, seven
unidentified intruders
invaded the Squad 1 office.
Five minutes later,
they retreated.
One squad member was killed,
but the Head Captain is safe.
At roughly the same time,
another intruder showed
up near the Kokuryo Gate,
where Squad 1 was
standing guard.
All 116 squad
members were killed
in the approximately
three-minute battle that ensued.
Lieutenant Sasakibe
was seriously wounded,
and died in the Squad 1
office shortly thereafter.
(all gasping)
No way!
But Lieutenant Sasakibe was
one of the longest serving
officers we've ever had!
How could such a man
be killed in battle?
[Akon] Lastly, we've
been unable to determine
what entry and exit
routes the intruders used.
However, the Soul
Shield Membrane
surrounding the Seireitei
doesn't appear to
have been disturbed.
So we think they must possess
some kind of method
of transportation
that can bypass it.
(somber music)
(Ichigo sighs)
I can't take this,
I need to patrol.
[Nel] Ichigo!
(Nel crying)
Nel?
[Nel] Charge!
(Ichigo thuds)
Damn it, Nel...
This is how you say hello to
me again, after all this time?
-Huh?
-Ichigo, it was horrible!
You've got to help us, Ichigo...
It's Hueco Mundo,
Hueco Mundo is...
In five days?
[Ludaas] Yes, Your Majesty.
I am confident that will
be more than enough time
for us and the Soul Society
to prepare for
the coming battle.
Another prediction.
Two days ago,
when you went out to scout
the border intensity level,
you predicted if we let things
continue to progress as is
the Soul Society and
the World of the Living
would soon collapse, due
to an imbalance of souls.
Isn't that right?
So then, Ludaas Friegen,
am I to take it that you stand
before me now as a prophet?
I, I don't, uh...
What's the problem?
Answer me.
I want to know, are you
a prophet or are you not?
Uh, no, I'm not.
Then why do you keep predicting
what will happen in the future?
It's the present I'm
interested in, not the future.
(blood spattering)
Ebern...
Yes, here!
[Yhwach] Your performance
has been worthy
of neither praise
nor punishment.
Though you did at least manage
to keep Ichigo Kurosaki at bay.
Yes! Yes!
You're right, I did!
[Yhwach] Your work is done.
You will now become the
first foundation stone
of the bridge to peace.
(blood spattering)
[Quincy] Is that wise?
Is what wise?
[Quincy] I thought Arrancar
soldiers were valuable assets
because they didn't
require combat training.
It matters not.
We can always find
ourselves another Arrancar.
After all, don't forget,
Hueco Mundo's my domain now.
Yet another of the
many foundation stones
building towards the
invasion of the Soul Society.
Hueco Mundo?
-(Nel sobbing)
-Stop crying, Nel!
What do you mean, Hueco
Mundo was attacked?
Who attacked it?
-(Ichigo shouting)
-[Pesche] Charge!
(coughing) I hid my presence
until the very last
moment before striking!
The fact that you
could dodge that
is very impressive,
Ichigo Kurosaki!
Oh, but you probably can't
tell who this is, can you?
I shall reveal myself to
you, I am none other than-
-Pesche, right?
-Ow!
(drums thudding)
[Yamamoto] Light the fire.
(Yuzu humming)
Sorry to call you
over so early, guys.
[Chad] Sounds like that's
the least of our problems.
Is this really true,
about Hueco Mundo?
[Pesche] Yes, it's true.
After the deaths of Lord
Barragan and Lord Stark,
Lady Halibel restored
order to Hueco Mundo
as its acting ruler.
But even she was powerless.
-(dramatic music)
-(lightning crackling)
(wind howling)
(footsteps thudding)
(Halibel panting)
(Halibel grunts)
(Nel sobbing)
(lightning crackling)
[Halibel] Run.
Go!
[Pesche] (grunts) Let's go!
(suspenseful music)
Lady Halibel!
They took Lady Halibel.
We don't know why...
[Nel] I can't believe
they got her! (sobs)
You don't know who they were
or what they were after?
[Pesche] We have no idea...
But we do know that they
took several Arrancars, too.
And then, while we
were trying to escape,
they cornered us and
nabbed Dondochakka!
(Pesche grunts)
(gasp)
Ichigo Kurosaki...
Please help us, I beg you!
Ichigo?
You really have to ask?
We're going, right?
After all we just heard,
you can't expect me to
turn my back on them.
[Pesche] Thank you,
Ichigo Kurosaki!
Ichigo!
Sorry, but, I won't be
accompanying you on this one.
What, why not?
Well, because I'm a Quincy.
I can't be helping
Hollows or Arrancars.
I know.
After all, Quincies exist to
destroy Hollows, don't they?
It's okay, I figured you'd
take a pass on this one.
I had to offer you the option,
or else you'd get all sulky.
I know how you operate.
-Ichigo
-Yeah?
Be careful.
Don't you worry.
Even without you, I'm
sure we'll manage somehow.
-Listen, this enemy-
-My, my,
this is quite an intriguing
conversation you're having.
Hueco Mundo, huh?
You need me to arrange a trip?
Hmm?
Your majesty...
This medallion that
we gave to Ebern,
there are signs it's been used.
However...
(Ywach chuckles)
How did you happen
to be at my place
at just the right time?
Didn't you know?
I'm always hanging
around your place...
Just sitting there
outside your window,
waiting to hear
something interesting.
(Kisuke chuckles)
But all joking aside,
it's hard not to notice
two Arrancars coming
down from Hueco Mundo.
Plus, your battle earlier,
and all the unusual activity
in the Soul Society,
gave me plenty of reasons
to be on my guard.
I am assuming that
you've noticed it too?
You get the feeling
that everything that's
happening right now
is somehow all
interconnect-ed, right?
Like I said, it's
no joking matter.
All right, this is our exit.
Come on, come on!
We don't have all day!
Get a move on!
Why are we up in the air,
with the enemy right below us?
Things never go smoothly
when you're traveling
with Kisuke!
[Kisuke] Oh, you
know me too well.
[Nel] We're falling!
-Hm?
-Is something wrong?
Nothing.
For a second, I thought I
heard voices back there.
[Quincy] Not likely.
There's no one back
there but the dead,
and the rest of them
are here with us.
You're imagining things.
You're right.
It looks like they're
moving on, we're okay.
Those captives, you think
Dondochakka was with them?
[Pesche] No, I don't sense
his Spiritual Pressure.
He must be in a different group.
I see why they didn't
come looking for us.
They didn't think it was
possible anybody could be here,
because every Hollow and
Arrancar they left behind
is dead.
(tense music)
You don't need to see this, Nel.
What a horrible sight.
It's no good.
I'm not seeing any
signs of life anywhere.
[Pesche] There wouldn't be,
because that's how they operate.
See that?
That flame is from the
condensed Reishi they use.
Things that normally
wouldn't burn,
even the rocks and sand of
Hueco Mundo, are consumed by it.
These were people with powers
we'd never seen before.
We had no means
of fighting back.
We had no choice but to run.
What about the ones
they took away?
[Pesche] They'll probably
be forced to serve
in their army.
At worst, they'll end
up like the guys here...
[Ichigo] Okay, then.
Let's go after 'em.
[Pesche] What, whoa, whoa!
I told you, Dondochakka
wasn't in that group!
Yeah, so what?
We're gonna save Dondochakka
anyway, so why not try and save
a few other Arrancars
while we're doing it?
[Pesche] Well, when
you put it that way...
Ah, wait, wait!
Hold on!
Incredible.
I mean, it's kind of ironic
when you think about it.
Those Arrancars he wants to save
were his worst enemies not
long ago, weren't they?
[Pesche] That's so true!
What did you expect?
He's not the type of guy
to sit back and do nothing.
But you knew all along
he'd react the way he did.
That's why you came to
him for help, isn't it?
We should go with him, Chad!
[Chad] Yeah.
[Pesche] And, and
we're going, too!
Right.
[Quincy] Straighten
up this line!
[Quincy] Stand with your
backs against the wall!
[Quincy] Come on, hurry up!
You know, we don't mind punching
a few more holes in you!
(tense music)
[Loly] The one in the
chair must be their leader.
Hey, are you sure about this?
Maybe we should
think about it...
[Loly] If we don't do
something, we're going to die!
Think about that!
Attention! Attention!
Quiet, please!
Now, will you live
or will you die?
To determine that,
we will be selecting
Hollows and Arrancars
by means of a
little competition!
The rules are as follows!
Moving from right to left I
will begin stabbing everyone.
So if anyone is
saying to themselves,
"No! I don't want to die!"
Or even better, if
you're thinking,
"Please, let me join you!
Let me serve you!"
Then get down on your knees
as if you were licking our
boots, and beg for mercy!
You here are already
a select group,
the chosen few who had the
luck, wits, or strength
to survive our earlier attack!
Last chance, now, don't
squander this opportunity.
So if I say I'll join you,
that means you'll
spare my life then-
No!
Of course not, don't be silly!
First you apply to join us,
then you have to take
an entrance exam!
That's the whole point of
this selection process,
to decide who gets
to take the exam!
Anyone else who wants
to try bending the rules
will end up like this!
(Arrancar grunts)
-And this!
-(Arrancar grunts)
So, uh, you think the
captain's really planning
on bringing any of them back?
Well obviously not.
I don't think he gives a
damn about Hueco Mundo.
Do I make myself clear?
-(chains clattering)
-(blade clanks)
-Captain!
-Sir!
Unacceptable.
You both were slow on
your response time.
Now, that's interesting.
I thought we'd confiscated
all their weapons.
[Loly] Think again!
Lord Aizen's aide,
Loly Aiverrne!
And I am Menoly Mallia!
[Loly] Did you think
we could be defeated
by an underling like you?
(Menoly gasps)
(blow thuds)
[Quilge] Do it.
-Sir!
You mean kill them?
No, no.
His Majesty ordered us
to bring him any idiots
we found with guts.
Those two pass the test.
Punish them, but be
careful not to kill them.
Aizen's aides, eh?
That right there proves
Aizen wasn't that great.
I hardly broke a
sweat on those two.
But then, even Tier Halibel,
who ruled Hueco Mundo
after the late Aizen,
even she, with all her strength,
was no match for his majesty,
so I guess I shouldn't
be surprised.
(Quincy grunts)
Hey, I told you to
be careful not to-
-(blades slashing)
-(blood spattering)
May I ask who you people are?
Huh?
You've got the nerve to talk
trash about Master Halibel,
and yet you have
no idea who we are?
I guess it's true that
underlings really are clueless.
[Cyan] From what we understand,
it seems you came and
took Master Halibel
while we were away.
Just 'cause you beat those
so-called aides to Aizen,
don't get too cocky.
(rock music)
(Quilge chuckles)
(loud thudding)
[Ichigo] What's that?
Has the fight already
started over there?
Those Spiritual Pressures
belong to the Tres Bestia!
Hey, what the hell?
The three of them work
directly under Lady Halibel
and they're super
strong and super scary,
and they're always trying
to bump one another off
like a bunch of
cannibalistic beasts,
so when I say
scary, I mean scary,
and really the only good thing
about those three insanely
scary monsters showing up,
is that now the enemy army
is as good as destroyed!
Ah, stop it, you idiot,
I can't see where
the hell I'm going!
(Emilou sneezes)
(Quincy grunts)
(explosion booms)
Hey, Mila Rose, were you
talking behind my back?
No, you idiot!
And would you please wipe
that snot off your face!
This is very impressive.
[Cyan] You shouldn't
let your guard down.
May I make a suggestion?
Lay down your arms
and surrender.
You'd like that.
(blow thuds)
You're not as
strong as you think!
If you surrender and swear
allegiance to our banner,
you'll be given the honor
of fighting for His Majesty,
alongside your
beloved Tier Halibel.
Believe me, until
you've experienced
the joy of serving his majesty,
you'll never know what
true happiness is!
[Both] Don't underestimate
us, you four-eyed monkey!
Oh, my.
That's a definite no, then?
I find that extremely
disappointing.
[Akon] And that, sir,
is the full report on the
infiltration by the rebel army.
[Mayuri] Thank you, Akon.
You may go.
[Akon] Yes, sir.
Now then, as to these Ryoka,
whom we are tentatively
referring to as a rebel army,
they call themselves
the Wandenreich,
and this invasion of theirs
is clearly connected to the
recent and alarming trend
of Hollows disappearing from
the World of the Living.
The loss of such a
large number of Hollows
has caused a great
imbalance of souls,
which could ultimately
spell the destruction
of both the Soul Society
and the World of the Living.
The power to extinguish souls...
(Ichigo gasps)
I'm sure that all of
you astute captains
have already figured it
out by now, haven't you?
That this so-called rebel army,
(dramatic music)
is in fact an army of Quincies.
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
[Quilge] "The soldiers
blow their trumpets,
like stars shooting by the ear.
The soldiers stomp their feet
like thunder in the air."
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)